mvnw and mvnw.cmd these are maven wrappers scripts you can use these scripts to build 
your project even if you don't have maven installed on your machine. 

pom.xml this is the maven build specitification 

FoodieCloudApplication.java this is spring boot main class that bootstraps 
the project 

application.properites - this file is initially empty, but offers 
a place where you can specify configuration properites 

static - this folder is where you can place any static content 
images stylesheets javascript, initially emepty 

templates tihs folder is where you'll place template files that 
will be used to render content to the browser. It's initially empty 
but you'll add a Thymeleaf template soon


FoodieCloudApplicationTest.java - this is a simple test class 
that ensures that the spring application  context loads 
successfully. You'll add more test to the mix as you develop 
the application. 

@SpringBootApplication  is  a  composite  application  that 
combines  three  otherannotations:

@SpringBootConfiguration—Designates  this  class  as  a  
configuration  class.Although  there’s  not  much  configuration 
in  the  class  yet,  you  can  add  Java-based Spring Framework 
configuration to this class if you need to. This annota-tion is,
in fact, a specialized form of the @Configuration
annotation.
@EnableAutoConfiguration—Enables  Spring  Boot  automatic
configuration.We’ll talk more about autoconfiguration later.
For now, know that this annota-tion tells Spring Boot to 
automatically configure any components that it 
thinksyou’ll need.@ComponentScan—Enables  component 
scanning.  This  lets  you  declare  otherclasses  with 
annotations  like
@Component, @Controller, @Service,  and 
others,to have Spring automatically discover them and register 
them as components inthe Spring application context.


@RunWith(SpringRunner.class). @RunWith isa JUnit annotation,
 providing a test runner that guides JUnit in running a test. 
 ThinkListing 1.3   A baseline application testUses the
  Spring runnerA Spring Boot testThe test method of it as 
  applying a plugin to JUnit to provide custom testing behavior. 
  In this case,JUnit is given SpringRunner, a Spring-provided
   test runner that provides for the cre-ation of a Spring 
   application context that the test will run against


spring dev tools basics 

1. automatic application restart when code changes 
automatic browser refresh when browser-destined resources (such as templates, javascripts stylesheetschangees ´)

2. automatidc disalbe of template caches 

3. build in h2 console of the h2 database is in use 



how spring works 
1.when application starts spring boot autoconfiguratin 
detects those librareis and automitcally 
1. confguries the beans in the spring application contect to 
enable spring mvc 
2. congiguries the embedded tomcast server application context to enable spring mbc 
congiguries tymeleaf view resolver for rndering spring mvc views with 
thymeleaf templates 

autoconfiguratin does all the work leaving you to focus. 



the actuator proviedes runtime insight in to the inner owrking 
of an application including metrics thread dump information 
application health and evnironment properties 
avaliable to the application.

flexible specification of environment properties 
additonal testing support on top  of the testing assistance 
found in the core framework. 

spring boot offers an alternative programming model based on 
groovy scripts that's called teh spring boot cli you can write entire applications 
as a collections of groovy scripts and run then from the comand line 

spring framework comes with basic data persistnece support 
spring data provides the ability to define your application's data 
repositories as simple java interfaces using a naming convention when 
defining methods to drive how data is stored and retrieved. 

spring data is capable of working with several different kinds of 
databases including relational jpa, document mongo, graph neo4j, you 
spring data to help create arepositories for the applicaion 

spring integration and spring batch 

appiicatoin will need to integrate with other application 
to address spring bactch provide the implementation nof these patterns form spring 
based applications 
spring address real time integration where data is process as its made avaliable 
in contract spring batch addreeses batched integration where data is 
allowed to collect for a time some trigger signals that its time 
for the batch of dtat to be processed youll explore both spring batch and 
spring integration. 
.

development 
1 domain class that deinfes the properteis of pizza ingredent 

2. a spring mvc controller classs that fetrches ingredient informatkon 
and passes it along to the view 

3. a view templarte that renders a list of ingredients in 
the users browser 



